Documentation/git-refs.adoc, before:

git-refs(1)
===========

NAME
----
git-refs - Low-level access to refs


SYNOPSIS
--------
[synopsis]
git refs migrate --ref-format=<format> [--no-reflog] [--dry-run]
git refs verify [--strict] [--verbose]

DESCRIPTION
-----------

This command provides low-level access to refs.

COMMANDS
--------

migrate::
	Migrate ref store between different formats.

verify::
	Verify reference database consistency.

OPTIONS
-------

The following options are specific to 'git refs migrate':

--ref-format=<format>::
	The ref format to migrate the ref store to. Can be one of:
+
include::ref-storage-format.adoc[]

--dry-run::
	Perform the migration, but do not modify the repository. The migrated
	refs will be written into a separate directory that can be inspected
	separately. The name of the directory will be reported on stdout. This
	can be used to double check that the migration works as expected before
	performing the actual migration.

--reflog::
--no-reflog::
	Choose between migrating the reflog data to the new backend,
	and discarding them.  The default is "--reflog", to migrate.

The following options are specific to 'git refs verify':

--strict::
	Enable stricter error checking. This will cause warnings to be
	reported as errors. See linkgit:git-fsck[1].

--verbose::
	When verifying the reference database consistency, be chatty.

KNOWN LIMITATIONS
-----------------

The ref format migration has several known limitations in its current form:

* It is not possible to migrate repositories that have worktrees.

* There is no way to block concurrent writes to the repository during an
  ongoing migration. Concurrent writes can lead to an inconsistent migrated
  state. Users are expected to block writes on a higher level. If your
  repository is registered for scheduled maintenance, it is recommended to
  unregister it first with git-maintenance(1).

These limitations may eventually be lifted.

GIT
---
Part of the linkgit:git[1] suite

Commit message:

refs: add list subcommand
consolidate `git show-ref` command as `git refs list` along with some of
the flags. Namely:
        - --branches | --heads(deprecated)
        - --head
        - --tags

So, now new subcommands can replace old ones like:
- `git show-ref [--head]` -> `git refs list [--head]`
- `git show-ref [--branches | --heads]` -> `git refs list [-branches | --heads]`
- `git show-ref [--tags]` -> `git refs list [--tags]`

Also add tests for this subcommand along with their flags.

Signed-off-by: Meet Soni <meetsoni3017@gmail.com>

Documentation/git-refs.adoc, after:

git-refs(1)
===========

NAME
----
git-refs - Low-level access to refs


SYNOPSIS
--------
[synopsis]
git refs migrate --ref-format=<format> [--no-reflog] [--dry-run]
git refs verify [--strict] [--verbose]
git refs list [--head] [--branches] [--tag]

DESCRIPTION
-----------

This command provides low-level access to refs.

COMMANDS
--------

migrate::
	Migrate ref store between different formats.

verify::
	Verify reference database consistency.
list::
	Displays references available in a local repository along with the associated
	commit IDs.

OPTIONS
-------

The following options are specific to 'git refs migrate':

--ref-format=<format>::
	The ref format to migrate the ref store to. Can be one of:
+
include::ref-storage-format.adoc[]

--dry-run::
	Perform the migration, but do not modify the repository. The migrated
	refs will be written into a separate directory that can be inspected
	separately. The name of the directory will be reported on stdout. This
	can be used to double check that the migration works as expected before
	performing the actual migration.

--reflog::
--no-reflog::
	Choose between migrating the reflog data to the new backend,
	and discarding them.  The default is "--reflog", to migrate.

The following options are specific to 'git refs verify':

--strict::
	Enable stricter error checking. This will cause warnings to be
	reported as errors. See linkgit:git-fsck[1].

--verbose::
	When verifying the reference database consistency, be chatty.

The following options are specific to 'git refs verify':

--head::

	Show the HEAD reference, even if it would normally be filtered out.

--branches::
--tags::

	Limit to local branches and local tags, respectively.  These options
	are not mutually exclusive; when given both, references stored in
	"refs/heads" and "refs/tags" are displayed.  Note that `--heads`
	is a deprecated synonym for `--branches` and may be removed
	in the future.

KNOWN LIMITATIONS
-----------------

The ref format migration has several known limitations in its current form:

* It is not possible to migrate repositories that have worktrees.

* There is no way to block concurrent writes to the repository during an
  ongoing migration. Concurrent writes can lead to an inconsistent migrated
  state. Users are expected to block writes on a higher level. If your
  repository is registered for scheduled maintenance, it is recommended to
  unregister it first with git-maintenance(1).

These limitations may eventually be lifted.

GIT
---
Part of the linkgit:git[1] suite
